README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Bharathkumar
**Passionate Software Architect | Open Source Enthusiast | Problem Solver**

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@iam__pbk-1d9bf0?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/iam_pbk)
[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Bharath-code&color=0078d7&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Bharath-code)

```text
  ____  _                     _   _                         _      
 | __ )| |__   __ _ _ __ __ _| |_| |__         ___ ___   __| | ___ 
 |  _ \| '_ \ / _` | '__/ _` | __| '_ \ _____ / __/ _ \ / _` |/ _ \
 | |_) | | | | (_| | | | (_| | |_| | | |_____| (_| (_) | (_| |  __/
 |____/|_| |_|\__,_|_|  \__,_|\__|_| |_|      \___\___/ \__,_|\___|
```

</div>

## 📖 About Me

I am a software developer based in India, dedicated to building impactful software solutions and exploring the cutting edge of technology. I thrive in collaborative environments and love contributing to open-source projects that solve real-world problems.

---

## 🛠️ Skills & Technologies

<div align="center">

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go,html,css,docker,react,nodejs,rust,git,mysql,aws,linux,astro,tailwind,vercel,supabase,postgres,bun,vite,vitest,nextjs,netlify,express,redis,svelte&perline=12)](https://github.com/Bharath-code)

</div>

---

## 📊 Performance & Insights

<div align="center">

| 🏆 **GitHub Stats** | 📊 **Top Languages** |
| :---: | :---: |
| ![Repos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Public_Repos-102-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=github) | ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-0078d7?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) |
| ![Followers](https://img.shields.io/badge/Followers-14-3fb950?style=for-the-badge&logo=github) | ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-dea584?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black) |

<br/>

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=Bharath-code&theme=dark&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/Bharath-code)

</div>

---

## 🚀 Top Projects

<div align="center">

[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Bharath-code&repo=git-scope&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Bharath-code/git-scope)
[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Bharath-code&repo=debugg&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Bharath-code/debugg)
<br/>
[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Bharath-code&repo=smart-crisis-councelor&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Bharath-code/smart-crisis-councelor)
[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Bharath-code&repo=youtube_companion_dashboard&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Bharath-code/youtube_companion_dashboard)

</div>

---

## ⚡ Recent Activity

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
*Currently fetching the latest updates...*
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

---

## ✍️ Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
*Currently brewing some fresh content! Stay tuned.*
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with ❤️ by Bharathkumar</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

refactor: improve README.md dynamic stats and project display, and update GitHub Actions checkout to v4.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Bharathkumar
**Passionate Software Architect | Open Source Enthusiast | Problem Solver**

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@iam__pbk-1d9bf0?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/iam_pbk)
[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Bharath-code&color=0078d7&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Bharath-code)

```text
  ____  _                     _   _                         _      
 | __ )| |__   __ _ _ __ __ _| |_| |__         ___ ___   __| | ___ 
 |  _ \| '_ \ / _` | '__/ _` | __| '_ \ _____ / __/ _ \ / _` |/ _ \
 | |_) | | | | (_| | | | (_| | |_| | | |_____| (_| (_) | (_| |  __/
 |____/|_| |_|\__,_|_|  \__,_|\__|_| |_|      \___\___/ \__,_|\___|
```

</div>

## 📖 About Me

I am a software developer based in India, dedicated to building impactful software solutions and exploring the cutting edge of technology. I thrive in collaborative environments and love contributing to open-source projects that solve real-world problems.

---

## 🛠️ Skills & Technologies

<div align="center">

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go,html,css,docker,react,nodejs,rust,git,mysql,aws,linux,astro,tailwind,vercel,supabase,postgres,bun,vite,vitest,nextjs,netlify,express,redis,svelte&perline=12)](https://github.com/Bharath-code)

</div>

---

## 📊 Performance & Insights

<div align="center">

| 🏆 **GitHub Stats** | 📊 **Top Languages** |
| :---: | :---: |
| ![Repos](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=0078d7&label=Public%20Repos&query=%24.public_repos&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.github.com%2Fusers%2FBharath-code&style=for-the-badge&logo=github) | ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-0078d7?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) |
| ![Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Bharath-code?color=3fb950&label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&logo=github) | ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-dea584?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black) |

</div>

---

## 🚀 Top Projects

| Project | Description | Stars |
| :--- | :--- | :---: |
| [**git-scope**](https://github.com/Bharath-code/git-scope) | A fast TUI to see the status of all git repositories on your machine. | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Bharath-code/git-scope?style=flat-square&color=yellow) |
| [**debugg**](https://github.com/Bharath-code/debugg) | A comprehensive error handling library for TypeScript. | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Bharath-code/debugg?style=flat-square&color=yellow) |
| [**smart-crisis-councelor**](https://github.com/Bharath-code/smart-crisis-councelor) | An intelligent system for crisis situations. | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Bharath-code/smart-crisis-councelor?style=flat-square&color=yellow) |
| [**youtube_companion_dashboard**](https://github.com/Bharath-code/youtube_companion_dashboard) | A dashboard that enhances the YouTube experience. | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Bharath-code/youtube_companion_dashboard?style=flat-square&color=yellow) |

---

## ⚡ Recent Activity

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
*Currently fetching the latest updates...*
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

---

## ✍️ Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
*Currently brewing some fresh content! Stay tuned.*
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with ❤️ by Bharathkumar</sub>
</div>
